Get measurable output - and track body juices w visual bars

Separate the lobes by the regular freq updater
-weight adjuster
-threshold adjuster


Input receiver's NN,
Health adjuster NN (weight)
Reputation adjuster NN (weight)

input_meta tracker (arrow keys in p5js to see it)
Test out more complex NN's output distributuoin (multi layerd?ED)

Change the thigns that need to be 
Sliudes, into slides.... 
Like the weights:
Health:
Reputation:
Threshold Modulation?





Get through to the structured archieicutre

Move to the health based and rep. function replicating, biological model











Differneitable computing: represting all the 
Constructing a 


















Let us encapsualte the smallest unit of learning possible


Aligning the incentiveces of the cognitive system with the incentives of vessel.
We're probably very close...

Just need to find the simplest set of rules i can define with additions and multiplications that define pattern recreation.

Health: how often your model is correct,
Reputation: how often your send-to PU is happy

Threshold changes (based on thes two^)
How much work did nature have to do to be left behind

Joshca, you had a lot of good ideas about consciouscenss and intelligence,
and you did all of that because you didn't have the brute force computational
power to offload all that thinking.  Just get the computer to guess numbers.
All that needs to be done is the set of rules that would encapsulate it...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRdJCFEqFTU
32:00
^ You should always be giving all of yourself away all the time, 
//This is the high T inteprretation of that







Explain it out in plain english:
	Creating an envioenrment + agent,
"Starting with a marble block,
	Need to guess what parts to shave away to produce statue of David"

1)
I don't know how to make intelligence 

2)
Just need to define the block of marble (domain of numbers)
Then guess the numbers and measure which ones score the highest on a test
	(Over time this produces the best Statue)
	
3)
And guess random numbers at these metrics until,

An agent that is directly controlled by this collection of PROCESSING UNITS
Mapping a list of pulses over time to an output that seeks to minimize



Health of the cell
Reputation of the cell 
Inputs:
	regularity of 
	

Need to define a set of functions that the cell uses to survive.

From Agent POV:
Pain Juice:::::
Reward Juice:::::

From PU POV:		''=to be explained, []=a gene 0.0-1.0, NN=new StdNN object
Adjust weights every frame, based on:
	a 'coeffient' to this PU's [LR]
	an NN <- [B_reward, B_pain, B_eepy] + 
Because it's state dependant.






Get the statistics again on larger StdNn objects

Create the slider objects for the HEALTH, and REP + associated portion values
Create the Wf number and the Wf NN, 

Visual show the and the rew, pain, sleep hormones












what is the neuron equivalnet of figuring out where it is?













Secondary idea: negentropy machine:

2D Grid
-Each layer has a breakthrough threshold for measured negentropy
it is increased

The chaos to the order

Timing of the blips,? relate the blips to one another
Associatation of the blips with one another

The adaptive functions are randomly generated, 
the learning space .

Needs to synchronize w the environment 
, so as to regulate itself

Small regular, interacting loop,

It's a programming language that generates its own variable types.
S

Intelligent Amoeba that started bargaining? 









FOr a given environemnt there is a maximum intelligence?, 
a maximum compression from where all else stems from
It is not known that given the secrets of the universe our monkey brain could grasp the concept, 
but all signs point to yes,
We have comprehended the observable universe so far,

Evolution is solving repelling entropy from the cell
	evolution creates a simulation to deal with the simulation
Agi is solving pattern matching












